[Music]
Family good evening what's up my
kids well my vacation on this
live TV tell you that well I'm not going to take
a little bit of the bull let's go
without stopping let's go full throttle uploading
content okay so you have
all the salsa in the world
[Music]
topic begin topic billing and play in and
video on the main channel I was about to
send me the buts now we're going to
wait to publish it until the
live is over okay so I'm going to deal with all
the paperwork I have here which is
quite a lot I mean I don't know if I have time for
everyone today to look at all this look at all this
all this is what we have to see
today I don't know if I have time but if I don't
have time tomorrow we do another live and
even every day live
the video on the main channel place they
are sending it to me it is being uploaded okay
so we're going to be for an hour and a half
or so live we discuss all these
topics and I directly upload it to the
main channel okay well first topic
my 10 year old sister my 10 year old sister
Aria
Ariana was doing some concerts
okay  she's doing very well in the
music world from what I see better influences
Spanish 2018 Nickelodeon if someone doesn't
know her in Dallas's sister okay
I know I have a lot of new audience
that maybe I wouldn't know but well she's
a lovely girl who also has
a lot of art and sings very well so
follow her and she also did a
very special concert this November 6th
in Tenerife I'm very excited
and grateful
and happy
a little nervous
[Music]
if you want to see the concert
[Applause]
if you want to see the concert well you
have it on her YouTube channel what I'm
going to tell you is that Dallas gave her a
surprise in the middle of the concert
that she didn't expect
okay pay attention
oh I
think this is during a change of song
between songs okay haha
the face to her face will be in
charge I bet
the speaker
I think she was thinking that I
was out there and you can hear me
with this capacity ahead I
wanted to say that
since there is a lot of your concert,
your piece,
that what she says there man I have it  I listen
three or four times but I can't understand what she's
saying: cover your mouth or the demons will enter. I
think something like that isn't
good. It's a nice surprise from
her brother and I'll subscribe to her channel,
support her, and well, you can listen to her
music, which is very cool: cover your
mouth or the demons will enter, and nothing about
even closed mouths while they
search for
[Music]